Okay, from a friend of mine who is
frank to another friend of mine who is Girene
Montero to another friend that we have on the
channel who is Rocio Carrasco, let's see
what Rocio Carrasco said
last season, I don't know if you
took advantage and Fidel took advantage a
little, so to speak, to ask you
that Fidel asked me please to stop
making the cakes, you made them at home,
of course he said, look, fat girl, that's it, eh, I mean, it's
over now. I thought he was going
to ask you, he said no, that he had it
when he was in the BOV, he had it
as a guinea pig. You say I made him
try everything and I said, but I'm
getting like, oh
Christmas is coming, I have to pass the word, you
like it, you don't like it, let's see when we miss
loved ones, I've always said it, I don't
like Christmas. What are you doing then, you
go away, you take trips, normal, not normal, to
Terelu's house, this year probably
normal as if they were normal days, the
fat girl, you said, the fat girl Alba Carrillo,
the fat girl Alejandra Rubio, my  another
fat girl That's my other
fat girl I'm going to be an aunt
gentlemen child of
child you know Carlo and I know him
but yes I know him because he's the cousin of
some of the girls that I love
very much the daughters of
Matamoros of
course and so I know him I know him
but I haven't had any dealings yes I've
seen him I've seen him three or four times
Laura Matamoros Lovesickness the poor thing I have
n't found out about Laura Matamoros
Lovesickness the poor thing let's leave it
guys I'm
leaving Thank you
always What good people my friend roso
Carrasco always Eh yes they are all your
friends thanks to me they are not no your friend I
already liked her eh she always
showed it to me every time we've seen each other
Yeah the truth is let's
see where we start
let's see point number one Well look at
Carlo constancy you decide okay No no
you you are in charge you are in charge but
the headline the headline of the clip It was
that one you know but I didn't put it there I
put it there in the magazine that
interviewed her Tell me No no the
The agencies have interviewed her, then
a Europa Press news report came out and
from there all the media have come out with the
same headline because they don't want to come
out with another one and innovate and not
copy and paste and come out, well, that's fine,
perfectly fine,
perfectly fine, Rocío Carrasco and
Marina have agreed on one thing. Tell me
which one we don't like Christmas about,
you don't like Christmas either, no, no, not
me, especially, verat, tuni, I neither
like it nor dislike it. But well, eh. Let's
see, in the end, I understand that they are
traditions, they are holidays and if we don't have
different things during the year, you
have children and such, the child. No, but you
see, neither do you. eh. Well, but it's okay, I do
n't dislike it either, I mean, no, I'm not,
for example, one who decorates the house, not
decorates the house, honestly, no, my wife
always likes to decorate the house and she
wants to convince me to buy a tree,
buy decorations and I don't like it,
why would I decorate the house to see it? I
have Christmas things here, a
tree, it's not like this is a garden. Well,
for the child. Yes, yes, man, of course
we put it up.  for the children but I would
n't put anything in it I mean the house is fine do
n't you think there's a photo of me missing
and I know one of yours is missing but I haven't missed it I don't have
time of course with
so many sentences and so many things just in case of course of course
ask him what happened
with the well he says the well what a day eh the
well eh what a day the well look but anyway
I think the journalist's question was
about the children and it got
cut off in half it's not impressive
I think it's the whole thing no I mean it was
how are you going to spend Christmas
normal like always Don Terel who
always go Ah no no it's not the first year
without María Teresa no they
always go to the Campos I mean it's
a classic them with the Campos every
year we almost always see the
photographs then I loved the
moment I loved the moment I
love the Matamoros daughters very much
look I didn't know about that relationship we
know that Matamoros has been one of the
people who has given him the most trouble during
the time of the documentary and then I
loved that he says Ah I didn't know they had
broken up  Laura Matamoros and her boyfriend
And such But well they love each other very much Well it
could also be and then the issue of
Alejandra Rubio that we do know that there is a
good relationship obviously
Eh Well yes she is like a niece and
such and people will be saying in the
chat that I can't see him and people Well
well she is not from team Rocío will have
said and what about her children we do not
continue a bit with that subject I think that
obviously we are not going to find out there will
be no congratulations this year it
will be a bit like always like the past
like the one before like the other and I think
that if at some point in life that
happens Wait wait Wait wait wait I do
n't know if what you were going to say is very important
but I'm sure
what I'm going to read in the chat is more important says Dolores
Sánchez Javi on Monday I'm going to Palma
my brother is in hospital there Dolores
well I hope it's not serious daughter
Dolores is going to Palma her
brother is in hospital there and
Dolores is telling me in the chat a
big kiss a kiss don't be anything don't
be anything okay well I hope not damn [ __ ] it's
that Dolores  you haven't found
another moment to tell me that you're
talking to me all the time okay come on
okay go em
you farted like
Tania no What are you saying if I'm
moving like that man don't go don't
be like her who told me that I put a
sound effect on the clip or rather has it been
heard or not family had
heard it or not rewind the live Don't
be bad I don't have anything else no no I
can't rewind the live I'm here
with you but the people who have
heard it or only I have heard it or I'm already
hearing farts from where there aren't any I
think something has happened eh
Hey yes I didn't know that Rocío Carrasco
had a very good relationship with the daughters
of Matamoro you hear me I just
told you you don't hear me but I didn't
know but I didn't know Hey Marina sun
pate well sun it's cold in Asturias let's see I have to
give you a hat Yes
When I upload again no this is beautiful
because it says the L and an infinity and the
infinity yes well it will say Love and it will say an
infinity but it's a no I don't know Of course  I'm really into
interrupting your conversation, in
case the infinity hat has any meaning for you.
But well, it could be
and maybe you look bad. It's my fault that
you put on the hat. You
blame me for everything, of course. Let's see. You blame me for everything.
What's wrong with her? Why?
Why is Rocio Carrasco friends with
Matamoros' children because of Mar Flores, I mean,
but Rocio Carrasco is very good friends with Mar
Flores. It's not that I'm unaware of this relationship
between Rocio Carrasco and Anita Matamoros or
with
Matamoros. Oh well, of course, I
didn't count on Anita, I counted on the
Matamoros children, but the older ones,
I mean, the daughters, I mean, I don't understand that
link and I've never understood it, and no,
man, I sense Rocio Jurado, no, no, I don't
understand it and in fact, I didn't know him. I
was surprised, Matamoro, I saw him in Seville and
Fideles, from there, no. I mean, I don't see it as a
bit far-fetched, eh. But well, well, I don't
know. Besides, Kiko
lived it vehemently, this topic has
been one.  of the most badass I mean if
Kiko gets to see or I mean if Kiko is with
evidently he knows that Rocío
or Rocío Fidel have an exceptional relationship with their
daughters Kiko no no he doesn't
behave yes Kiko during a stage with
Alejandro with Alejandra Rubio that he
has seen her born eh And that he has
always had an exceptional relationship with
her father Kikol has taken great care of
Alejandra Rubio But now we've reached a
point since the girl is older she does
incoherent things and she already gives him a hard time
but I mean she gives him a hard time but no I don't
understand the truth and then
eh Well I think it's great that he's going to
have a little niece that he's going to love her
a lot and such when he said that Leave
Marina see if you understand that people
love me more here in this chat Yes
but because he says that it's not
cold in actuality because it's not cold now in
actuality Yes yes yes it is getting cold Yes but the
same as in Cantabria I mean we are more
or less the same the cilla is already getting
chilly eh a week ago around there
I say  [ __ ] I'm [ __ ] myself one day It seems like
a lie that we're in entering
December we're not here with a blazing
sun with a temperature of 25 30 but
no no already these last few days it's been
chilly Yes the weather is
weird right this year I'm freaking out
I was on the terrace at home the other day
and I say what a sun I mean what I say it's the
middle of November with 18
degrees here I say no I can't beat this
Cantava but well I don't know we should
open a section we're missing
a weather section on the channel Who would be the
weather girl Who do you think could
be the weather girl of course
I don't see Sister Cotilla well it could be
Marta Riesco Because she's unstable like the
weather But why but I have to say
because she's pretty because she's pretty and nice and you go
and you have to mess with her but it hasn't been
well thrown the weather the
precipitation these people surely find it
very funny to me no because she's
my friend of course no to me it wasn't
funny but of course putting Sister
Cotilla with the weather suddenly she
confuses you a cloud with a cat  here's
a cat flying Hey Barcelona Hey be
careful with Sor eh Hey but Sor is a
great guy I don't understand Well yes no No
last night I suggested the nights with Sor let's
see well this is already bullying
towards me I don't know to what
extent I have to put up with it I don't know where
the limit is now he talks to me every
day on
WhatsApp account Who has it been account How have
these days been that he hasn't even
spoken to you he doesn't believe you Neither you don't
believe it neither you or this man This Well you don't
believe it neither you What a liar Look
family all day every day from
time to time every day what I say we
are at Who do you trust who do you
believe whose word to say it a
kiss Robin nice Francisco Javier
why because I called Marta
or Irene Montero pretty watch out what a crazy Irene
Montero let's see but it's true Irene
Montero the other day she was very pretty I don't
know if she has gone more she hasn't
seen patience again yours Marina a kiss
Carmen Thank you eh thank you eh man it's that
my MX what is that
eh Mexico dollars I have no
idea I have no idea eh That's why I'm not saying
anything I mean it's just kids because of course
Latinos are kids apparently they
told me the other day I don't know if you saw
the kids are Latin I have conquered
Latan of course that's why you do the live shows
later because there what time is
when you do the live shows at the salseria
no I don't do it because I can't fit in
another one but I have conquered Latan and the Yes
yes l atan is practically mine You
could say well let me know and if you go I'll go
with you Hey listen to me there's a topic that I haven't
told you on WhatsApp but I'm
going to bring it up Wait he's
telling me I know something I want to be the
weather woman
mm man he has a very voice I
like his voice a lot eh but of course he has to
come out on screen Okay we can
put the ia a little bit of ia I'm
kids and here I am